README.md, before:

-----------------------

# ACF File Picker Field

An Advanced Custom Field to pick a file from a chosen directory.

-----------------------

### Description

Provides a custom field type for Advanced Custom Fields which allows the user to pick a file from a directory within the currently active Theme.

The Plugin provides "globbing" functionality enabling the user to optionally filter which files within the chosen directory should be available for selection. Globbing rules follow the rules used by the 
PHP [Glob function](http://php.net/manual/en/function.glob.php)

### Compatibility

This ACF field type is compatible with:
* ACF 5


### Installation

1. Copy the `acf-file_picker` folder into your `wp-content/plugins` folder
2. Activate the File Picker plugin via the plugins admin page
3. Create a new field via ACF and select the File Picker type
4. Provide the path the directory (relative to your Theme) containing the files you wish to pick from
5. (Optionally) provide a globbing pattern to filter the files you wish to be available to choose from (defaults to all files)

### Changelog
Please see `readme.txt` for changelog

Commit message:

(breaking change) Return full path of file picked instead of just file name.

README.md, after:

-----------------------

# ACF File Picker Field

An Advanced Custom Field to pick a file from a chosen directory.

-----------------------

### Description

Provides a custom field type for Advanced Custom Fields which allows the user to pick a file from a directory within the currently active Theme.

The Plugin provides "globbing" functionality enabling the user to optionally filter which files within the chosen directory should be available for selection. Globbing rules follow the rules used by the  PHP [Glob function](http://php.net/manual/en/function.glob.php)

### Compatibility

This ACF field type is compatible with:
* ACF 5

### Installation

1. Copy the `acf-file_picker` folder into your `wp-content/plugins` folder
2. Activate the File Picker plugin via the plugins admin page
3. Create a new field via ACF and select the File Picker type
4. Provide the path the directory (relative to your Theme) containing the files you wish to pick from
5. (Optionally) provide a globbing pattern to filter the files you wish to be available to choose from (defaults to all files)

### Output
get_field() will output full file url

### Changelog
Please see `readme.txt` for changelog
